Add ux principles and content guidelines (#7)
Shopify/channels-ui-docs: UX principles.md

# User experience principles

> Channel UX principles are inspired by [Shopify Values](https://polaris.shopify.com/foundations/experience-values "Shopify values") and are at the core of how we build our channels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Channel UX principles are inspired by [Shopify experience values](https://polaris.shopify.com/foundations/experience-values "Shopify values") and are at the core of how we build our channels.
```

Not clear on the convention of putting quoted text in the link. Is it a GH-flavored markdown thing? If it's kept in, should probably be Shopify experience values, as that's what's used in the referenced text.

---

## Principle 1: Efficiency

> Help our merchants get set up as quickly as possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Help merchants get set up as quickly as possible.
```

> - Prefill as much information as possible or pull from Shopify APIs to make setup more efficient. For example, if we know their store name and the channel requires it, automatically fill that information in and just ask to confirm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Prefill as much information as possible or pull from Shopify APIs to make setup more efficient. For example, if you know a merchant's store name and the channel requires it, automatically fill that information in and just ask the merchant to confirm.
```

> - Avoid the back-and-forth between your platform and Shopify wherever possible. Look for ways to allow merchants to complete tasks within Shopify.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Avoid the back-and-forth between your platform and Shopify wherever possible. Look for ways to allow merchants to complete tasks within the Shopify admin.
```
